Added support for FunctionType::Kind::StringConcat (#12628)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Code Generator: Fix ICE when accessing the members of external functions occupying more than two stack slots.
 * Code Generator: Fix ICE when doing an explicit conversion from ``string calldata`` to ``bytes``.
 * Control Flow Graph: Perform proper virtual lookup for modifiers for uninitialized variable and unreachable code analysis.

>  * General: Fixed signature of string.concat to work for Strings instead of Bytes ( as was the case earlier ).

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
 * General: ``string.concat`` now properly takes strings as arguments and returns ``string memory``. It was accidentally introduced as a copy of ``bytes.concat`` before.
```
